add 14th week news (#120)
packit-service/packit.dev: content/posts/April-2020.md

---
title: "April 2020"
date: 2020-04-03
draft: false
---

## Week 14 (March 30th - April 3rd)

### packit

> * Fix web URLs for Copr builds owned by groups [(#778)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix web URLs for Copr builds owned by groups [(#778)].
```

> * Create downstream spec if it's not there (propose-update) [(#779)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Create downstream spec if it's not there (propose-update) - this used to happen when using packit on a newly created package in Fedora which did not have spec fille added yet. [(#779)]
```

> * Change the way how packit does archives (always create a tar.gz archive and `%prep` needs to deal with it) [(#781)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Packit no longer inspects archive extension set in `Source` and creates `.tar.gz` by default - this should be more flexible and prevent issues for "non-standard" archive names. [(#781)]
```

### packit-service

> * Several fixes and improvments after moving from Redis to postgreSQL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Several fixes and improvements after switching data store from Redis to PostgreSQL.
```

> * Use the configured COPR project when triggering Testing Farm (Fixes: tests to fail in repos which use build in their own COPR namespace) [(#524)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use the configured COPR project when triggering Testing Farm (tests no longer fail for projects which are built in their own COPR namespace) [(#524)].
```
